fix(curriculum): add data types explanation for python lesson (#64541)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/blocks/lecture-introduction-to-python/67fe859a00971c34a23abd43.md

# --description--

> Before working with Python variables, it's important to understand data types. A data type describes the kind of value a variable holds — for example, a number, a piece of text, or a list of items. Programming languages use data types so they know how to store and work with different kinds of information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before working with Python variables, it's important to understand data types. A data type describes the kind of value a variable holds. For example, a number, a piece of text, or a list of items. Programming languages use data types so they know how to store and work with different kinds of information.
```

The dynamic-typing nature of Python makes coding really fast and more flexible, but it can lead to unexpected bugs because type errors are detected only when a program runs, not when the program compiles.

> Since Python determines data types while your program is **running**, type-related mistakes are only discovered at that moment. When a program runs, Python executes your code line by line. If it reaches a line where a type mistake happens, it will stop and show an error.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Since Python determines data types while your program is **running**, type-related mistakes are only discovered at that moment. When a program runs, Python executes your code line by line. If it reaches a line where a certain object is expected to behave in a way it's not able to, Python will stop and show an error.
```
I'm also not sure about the _determines_ word. Unless there's explicit type check in code, there's no determination what type object has. In such case errors come from ie. not having specific method, that's required to do something.

In contrast, some languages **compile** your program before it runs. Compiling means the computer checks your code in advance and prepares it to run. During this step, those languages can catch type errors before the program even starts.

You don't need to know those languages yet. The important idea is simply:

> - **Python catches type errors during execution**, when the program is actually running and using your code.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **In Python type errors can reveal themselves during execution**, when the program is actually running and using your code.
```
Slight tuning of the wording.
